Welcome back all.
So today we're going to go ahead and begin constructing a promise and this promise will be a part of
a return statement.
As you can see this entire thing here.
What we want to do is have an asynchronous method for creating accounts which will basically inform
us if the account has been created or if the Creation has failed for whatever reason.
Please keep in mind that at this point in time we are simulating this synchronous communication and
it is not perfect.
And with the coming of the server this will change to a very good extent.
So let's go ahead and begin.
Promise is a class and the new is a keyword for the initialization of the class so new is a key word
for the initialization of a class with the usage of classes constructor and this constructor will take
one argument here so this is all one single argument.
As you can see.
So I'm going to go ahead and pass one argument this one argument is a bit of a longer function.
This function is a lambda function which has or the function of an arrow syntax and this is where a
bit of a tricky part comes in.
As I told you before on the left side of the arrow you have the parameters of the function and on the
right side of the arrow you have the body of the function.
Now this land the function here it actually receives two other functions as parameters.
So you have resolve and reject.
So these are the two that it receives as parameters and then we go onto the right side and we have the
body of the function and the body of the function.
We basically just want to see if the account procedure has failed or if it has succeeded.
So if the length of the account's array is greater or equal then the account limit.
Go ahead and reject Now the reject itself.
I mean just go ahead and rewrite this a little bit so it's all that clear to you what is going on here.
OK let's do it.
But it's about doing it this way.
I'm missing something.
Let me just go ahead and type it in
very frustrating but there we go should be fine and dandy now.
OK.
Anyway the reason why I did this is because a reject is not being actually returned.
We only need the return statement.
Terminate this function in case the account has the account creation has failed.
So we are calling the reject method here and it's going to get rejected and we have the the the string
here which is basically maximum accounts limit reached and then you pass on.
Then you type in a return statement to terminate the function.
At this point in time if we go down below this line is nothing new nothing new nothing new.
Nothing new but the last one is actually resolve.
And this is going to confirm that the account creation has been successful.
So depending on whether this is this happens to be reject or resolve that will determine whether the
accounting process has been successful or not.
Now in case the accounts limit has been reached it's going to get rejected.
In case it has not been reached the account will be created and its creation will be logged as well
something we've done in the previous lessons.
Now if we go to the component as
and if we dig in here a little bit and there we go.
So the create account function has been modified to an extent you have this a little bit confusing syntax
here.
Let me just go ahead and this is the way you were posed to write it in general this is the way it's
written.
But let me just go ahead and alter it a little bit so that you can understand it a little bit easier.
Okay.
So this makes no difference in terms of code or whether this is here or down below but it's just the
general coding just general way of writing these things I guess a standardized way anyway so account
service the create method is called From account service and we want to create this new account that
has been that has been previously processed in the account service by the create so you have to create
function create method here and it has been called.
And then we shall see what the create method will return anyway depending on what it returns based upon
the parameter that has been passed to it we will pay for one of the two.
Either this will happen or we will simply catchier and this will happen.
So again we have a lambda function here where we have the parameters here or the parameter.
In our case and on the right side you have the body of the function which is really nothing new you
just have console log and start create account and form and basically the method for resetting the form.
All of which we have used before we have simply placed them here because if it gets resolved OK do these
perform the sort of actions.
If it doesn't go into the catch block and use a lambda function which will basically have a parameter
the R R and D create a counter error will be set to the value of E R R.
So the error message will be there.
And that's that's basically it.
There is nothing.
There is nothing more to it.
We just we haven't done anything like new or strange to this site we've just changed the way to the
logic in the background of the site actually functions.
Now there will be one more tutorial in this regard where I will show you this part how this happens
where it says account is deleted.
And then we're going to be wrapping up this chapter.
So I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and just another note before I leave.
I know that it can seem a little bit complicated in the sense of logic so feel free to ask as many questions
as you choose.
Please.
We will be more than happy to try to help you out.